Update SLACK-GUIDELINES.md (#548)
knative/community: SLACK-GUIDELINES.md

In the case that certain channels have rules or guidelines, they will be listed
in the purpose or pinned docs of that channel.

## Threaded Conversations

> While Slack is useful for a great many things (support, reachability, water-cooler style chatter, etc.) it simply is not a very good medium to have high-fidelity conversations about important community or technical issues. **Longform writing is thinking, but longform Slacking is distracting chatter.**

Reviewer: I had the same feeling as @julz when first reading that. Even though I'm currently ultra sensitive to Slack overuse and a big proponent to fixing the worldwide notification problem, the Slack chats we had for example in autoscaling recently where we root-caused CI failures have been priceless. Issues and emails are not a great medium for quick soundboarding and soundboarding definitely is not distracting chatter.

> While Slack is useful for a great many things (support, reachability, water-cooler style chatter, etc.) it simply is not a very good medium to have high-fidelity conversations about important community or technical issues. **Longform writing is thinking, but longform Slacking is distracting chatter.**

Author: Thank you both for your feedback here, I'm going to soften this language a bit...

> Even though it is often easier to chat back-and-forth on Slack to "get it done" it can be: a major source of distraction, an ineffective medium to work through complex issues, as well as a not-very-consumable record of events. It's not uncommon for folks in the Knative Slack to come back to a message with 70+ comments in a thread, which nobody (even the authors themselves) wants to pick through. **In general, please try and keep longer form technical discussions in Github Issues/PRs and longer form non-technical discussions in a Google Doc sent to the mailing list. **

Author: While phrase positively, this is a good note on my writing in general TBH

> If your Slack thread has over 25 messages, it may be time to spin it out into a longer form piece of writing which others can make comments on at their own pace. 

Reviewer 2: TBH, as someone who does work in a different timezone than most, I worry that this is a recipe for pushing discussions in to DMs or - worse - meetings, or polluting the issue tracker with lots of pointless stuff that would be better as slack threads that convert to issues _if they turn out to warrant that_ (Github Discussions may be a good alternative, though). I've found slack a really good way to have _async_ informal conversations that are _public_ and available to all, regardless the time zone. The danger, imo, comes when technical decisions are made there rather than on issues, or where important context never makes it to github. I think we can solve this without throwing the baby out with the bathwater (or outlawing staying in the bath too long), though.

In the case that certain channels have rules or guidelines, they will be listed
in the purpose or pinned docs of that channel.

## Threaded Conversations
We believe Slack threads in public channels are extremely useful for quickly and openly collaborating with your fellow contributors.  

> As a community, we value taking the time to assess and socialize important technical and community decisions. Ideally, concensus that is reached within Slack threads will make its way to less ephemeral and more comprehensive artifacts for sharing ideas and proposals. 

Reviewer 2: I think "consensus" is misspelled here, but also I wonder if what we really mean here anyway is "context" (I don't think we'd ever take a slack thread as enough for consensus iyswim).

I'd actually be tempted to change the second sentence to something like "However, having conversations in slack can result in context being lost, because not everyone will read every thread and search and indexing isn't nearly as good as alternatives like GitHub issues, PRs and discussions. For this reason it's important that when slack discussions turn in to things that the broader community would benefit from or need to refer to or be aware of they're written up in a less ephemeral location (ie GitHub)." (Except probably less wordy; sorry, I'm terrible at being concise; anyway it's a thought :)).

Reviewer: He, I had somethin similar typed up and forgot to send the `Comment` button :joy:. Same comment regarding "consensus" :).

Author: OK I am on it! I like this change, I'll wordsmith

In the case that certain channels have rules or guidelines, they will be listed
in the purpose or pinned docs of that channel.

## Threaded Conversations

> We believe Slack threads in public channels are extremely useful for quickly and openly collaborating with your fellow contributors.  
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

Slack threads in public channels are extremely useful for quickly and openly collaborating with your fellow contributors.  
```

"we believe" doesn't really fit the tone of the rest of the document, and I think the sentence works equally well without it.

> However, Slack threads are extremely ephemeral, discoverability and searchability of threads isn't nearly as good as alternatives like GitHub Issues, PRs and Github Discussions. For this reason it's important that Slack discussions make their way to less ephemeral and more comprehensive artifacts for sharing ideas and proposals with the wider community.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, while Slack threads are good for quick discussion, they serve as a poor record of decisions. Discoverability and searchability of threads isn't nearly as good as alternatives (see below), particularly for contributors arriving weeks or months later. For this reason it's important that Slack discussions make their way to less ephemeral and more comprehensive artifacts for sharing ideas and proposals with the wider community.
```

There's something wrong in the grammar of the first sentence; I think there was a comma splice that got away.

> These artifacts include, but are not limited to: Github Issues + Pull Requests, Github Discussions, Google Docs, or Mailing List posts.

Reviewer 3: It's weird to reiterate the set of "more discoverable" locations between this and the previous block. I took out the specific options in the previous paragraph.

I'm also wondering if this should be a stand-alone paragraph, or part of the previous one.

Author: Split it out for readability, have no strong opinions one way or the other

Reviewer 4: Would it make sense to add links to the Google Team Drive for Google Docs and the knative-dev googlegroups to make the pointers more concrete ?
